README.md, before:

# Head-to-Head Records Matrix


This solution reads a JSON file containing each team's win-loss records versus opponents and builds a matrix displaying only the number of wins (W) for each matchup. The code is written in Python for clarity and ease of use.

## How It Works


1. **Input**: The program expects a JSON file (e.g., `prompt.json`) with a structure like:

```
{
  "TeamA": {"TeamB": {"W": 2, "L": 1}, "TeamC": {"W": 1, "L": 2}},
  "TeamB": {"TeamA": {"W": 1, "L": 2}, "TeamC": {"W": 3, "L": 0}},
  "TeamC": {"TeamA": {"W": 2, "L": 1}, "TeamB": {"W": 0, "L": 3}}
}
```

2. **Processing**:
   - Reads the JSON data.
   - Extracts all team names.
   - Builds a matrix where each cell `[i][j]` shows the number of wins for team `i` vs team `j`.

3. **Output**:
   - Prints a formatted table to the console, showing only the number of wins (W) for each matchup.

## Usage

1. Place your JSON data in a file named `prompt.json` in the same directory as the script.
2. Run the script:

```
python solution.py
```

3. The head-to-head matrix will be printed in the terminal.


## Example Output

|       | TeamA | TeamB | TeamC |
|-------|-------|-------|-------|
| TeamA |   -   |   2   |   1   |
| TeamB |   1   |   -   |   3   |
| TeamC |   2   |   0   |   -   |

## Notes
- The code is self-contained and does not require any external libraries beyond Python's standard library.
- You can easily adapt the script to read from a different file or output to a CSV if needed.

Commit message:

Enhance README with example output and notes
Updated the example output section to include a DataFrame representation and added a note about the pandas library requirement.

README.md, after:

# Head-to-Head Records Matrix


This solution reads a JSON file containing each team's win-loss records versus opponents and builds a matrix displaying only the number of wins (W) for each matchup. The code is written in Python for clarity and ease of use.

## How It Works


1. **Input**: The program expects a JSON file (e.g., `prompt.json`) with a structure like:

```
{
  "TeamA": {"TeamB": {"W": 2, "L": 1}, "TeamC": {"W": 1, "L": 2}},
  "TeamB": {"TeamA": {"W": 1, "L": 2}, "TeamC": {"W": 3, "L": 0}},
  "TeamC": {"TeamA": {"W": 2, "L": 1}, "TeamB": {"W": 0, "L": 3}}
}
```

2. **Processing**:
   - Reads the JSON data.
   - Extracts all team names.
   - Builds a matrix where each cell `[i][j]` shows the number of wins for team `i` vs team `j`.

3. **Output**:
   - Prints a formatted table to the console, showing only the number of wins (W) for each matchup.

## Usage

1. Place your JSON data in a file named `prompt.json` in the same directory as the script.
2. Run the script:

```
python solution.py
```

3. The head-to-head matrix will be printed in the terminal.

## Example Output

```
Head-to-Head Wins Matrix:
       | TeamA | TeamB | TeamC
-------+-------+-------+-------
TeamA  | -     | 2     | 1    
TeamB  | 1     | -     | 3    
TeamC  | 2     | 0     | -    

Head-to-Head Wins DataFrame:

      TeamA TeamB TeamC
TeamA     -     2     1
TeamB     1     -     3
TeamC     2     0     -
```

## Notes
- The code requires the `pandas` library. Install it with `pip install pandas` if not already installed.
- You can easily adapt the script to read from a different file or output to a CSV if needed.
